pacity as the name itself says is a
calm face
sometimes also to know a point
almost do not get me nerves remains to be
always peaceful dog is drunk all
effort that does the work is passed on
for the child when he comes home
joaquim is 13 years old besides the exercises
Required by father he skateboard
get your bike with your friend for
train some beliefs in
out of all do not have the boy
is a trophy collector is by
all sides in the house room are 200
awards and five years of disputes
joaquim shines on motocross
the whole effort of the dedicated father is
compensated when joaquim accelerates and beats
in search of more career victories
To my joy all I have is this
and my son joaquim joaquim makes an opinion
simple to run almost 80 kilometers
per hour on the track of 150 meters in
ibirité who at the weekend receives the
second stage of the mines
motocross with the back of 85 displacements
reach long distances in
save the pacific father closely follows
every move of the son bets away it
he sees me he knows what I said to him and
he knows what it takes to do this
because he knows what he did wrong
both mending and during the race
if something goes wrong for joaquim
pacity runs to succor the son who
fell worried 11 bukowski of the
versions of 40 were there to help and the
boto cross I think here more than one
sport to dedicate and a friendship
who works as a referee to train with
the colleague
mateus is in category 65 celebrated at
People do better to meet because
since he is very good I worked hard
I like him as much as a friend he is
very dedicated to another nursery santa rosa
with the family
every day 30 plus a joaquim and feel
well at high speed with the camera
placed on the helmet it is possible to have a
notion of how much Joaquim is bold and
courageous that my happy father I was also
the pacific son shakes the track and is
thank you motocross pain